At the second level we can verify, in more detail, how the Horusec architecture is interconnected to its components, in addition technologies that are part of this ecosystem.

Horusec was built using the following approaches:

### **Horusec-CLI**

It is a compiler that runs locally, that is, either on the user's machine, either through a development machine or a CI/CD track searching for vulnerabilities. Its containers are:

- **Horusec-CLI:** Command line interface (CLI) that orchestrates static code analisys tools.

- **Horusec-VsCode:** An extension of the Visual Studio Code tool that uses Horusec-CLI to analize projects searching for vulnerabilities. Its containers are:

  - **Horusec-VsCode** is responsible for starting Horusec-CLI in a docker image and bringing the analisys results into the Integrated Development Environment (IDE) in a friendly format in order to ensure the developer makes the necessary modifications.


### **Horusec-Platform**

It is a web platform built in microservices for viewing and managing vulnerabilities. Its containers are:

#### **API**
Responsible for saving the analisys performed via Horusec-CLI into the main database and publish to analytic and webhook services via message broker.


#### **Analytic**
Responsible for receiving the analisys performed via message broker and saving it in the analytic database for viewing in the dashboard of the Horusec-Manager container.

#### **Auth**
Responsible for managing the session and accesses to the web platform through Horusec-Manager container.

#### **Core**
Responsible for managing repositories, workspaces and tokens of the web platform through Horusec-Manager container.

#### **Manager**
Responsible for providing the static page for integration with other Horusec-Platform containers.

#### **Messages**
Responsible for e-mail triggers in certain actions performed by the user of the web platform through Horusec-Manager container.

#### **Vulnerability**
Responsible for managing the vulnerabilities created by Horusec-API container.

#### **Webhook**
Responsible for triggering analisys for third-party services via HTTP in the web platform through the Horusec-Manager container.

#### The **Horusec-Operator**
It is an application using the kubernetes operator base to speed up and ensure that the services are delivered in the desired format. Its container is:

  - **Horusec-Operator:**  Responsible for performing the integration with Kubernetes and, after being installed on your CRD in the cluster, helps identify the user's modification requests and applying them in the cluster according to the settings sent by the user.
