At the first level we can see, in general, how the different components from Horusec and their respective responsibilities are linked.

It is at this level that there is a macro context of how Horusec delivers the results of its analisys and allows you to manage the vulnerabilities on the web platform.

See below the components of level 1:


### **User** 
  
- Any person who wants to use Horusec to perform code analisys and/or vulnerability management.

- It may be someone from DevSecOps, Software Development, Product Management, Quality or a management position, etc.
  

### **Horusec-CLI System** 

- It is the command line interface (CLI) that orchestrates other static code analisys tools.

- Its main function is to automatically identify the project's programming language and start the proper tools to, shortly after, export the unified information in a common data.

- It is also possible to send the performed analisys to the Horusec-Platform system, where you can extract metrics and perform the vulnerability management in a web application.

### **Horusec-Platform System** 

- It is a set of web services for managing and viewing vulnerabilities found by the Horusec-CLI system.

### **Horusec-Operator System** 

- It is the kubernetes operators system that speeds up and enhances the installation of the Horusec-Platform system in a unified way.

### **Horusec-VsCode Sysetem**

- It is the extension of Horusec-CLI to an integrated development environment (IDE) [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/), where it is possible to perform analisys without having to install a binary in your local machine.

  - **Kubernetes:** Tool that orchestrates application containers. 

  - **Result:** Results of the analisys performed by the Horusec-CLI and Horusec-VsCode systems.

